MICO Self Screening Submission
================================
Attempt ID: 041ddb4a-90aa-4382-8cf9-016446dc288f_20260828095938
Submitted At: 2026-08-28T09:59:38.458Z
Unique Code: 041ddb4a-90aa-4382-8cf9-016446dc288f
Candidate Name: Santhosh
Role: Therapist

Recording URL
-------------
https://fathom.video/share/example-recording-link

Fathom Summary / Transcript
----------------------------
Janice Betty Jeyasekhar (janicebetty5@gmail.com) So I'm from Poro, Chennai. I also have relocated to Bangalore before like I have a permanent address there and I kind of alternate between Chennai and Bangalore based on where my job is located.  So I grew up in Chennai, but I'm originally from Nagarkoil. So my childhood was basically mostly just me and my brother, like all alone in the house and my parents would go off to work and we would, you know, be very naughty at home.  We'd break things, we'd play with everything and um … … … We were a handful actually to our parents and like when my parents returned we would get very badly scolded because of that and it was basically just us all on our own or with some relatives basically.  So the story behind my name. So my name actually means God's gift. So it is I was named by my father and my mother.  So the first half of my name which is God's name Janice and the second half of my name Betty which means gift was named by my dad.  So yeah, I would say Since I come from a religious family, they named me with the name of a God.  So that's the story behind my name. And both of my parents contributed to my name actually. What's something good about me?  So I would say, when it comes to technical skills, when it comes to career based skills, I would say, I'm good at data analysis, I'm easy to easily I can easily kind of story tell data, I can find patterns and identify any sort of ideas from path from data, basically.  So, yeah, I would say, I'm good at observation and great. Typical and analytical thinking. I can deeply inspect something and find out the solution for it.  So yeah, that's something you did about me. So yes, I told the truth even when it was difficult. I'm actually someone who cannot lie easily.  I easily get caught if I happen to, you know, lie. So yeah, whenever I do something wrong, or like, if something goes wrong, I always blurt out the truth in the situation.  And you know, the weight of carrying a secret or a lie is very hard for me. So yes, so what basically happened was, suppose I broke something or suppose I, you know, did something wrong in life.  If I'll definitely, for sure, share it with at least my mom, because that's much easier than Lailie. So, a situation where I returned.  Okay, I'm someone who always returns stuff that don't belong to me because I'm very correct when it comes to that.  I always, you know, borrow things from my friends' place, and I always tend to remember to give it. I never keep it on my own, like, yeah, I keep it to myself.  And, yeah, in that manner, I'm pretty correct. Have I ever admitted a mistake before? Yes, I, as I answered in the previous...  I cannot carry the weight of hiding a secret or lying because I get caught easily even if I tend to.  I'm a bad liar. So I always admit a mistake before someone finds it out because then I feel relieved and calm and I don't feel like I'm holding a weight on my shoulders.  So it feels good. It feels like freeing. So, yes. Okay, as much as I would like to say that cheating is wrong and I have to, you know, complain to someone, I honestly would not actually do that.  I would move on from the situation and not... You know, complain or anything, though, the people pleaser in me wouldn't allow me to complain to someone, even though that might be the expected answer.  So, yeah, I just move on and pretended like it never happened as much as I hate to say it.  One value I'll never compromise on in life is when someone tries to put down my loved ones, like family or friends, I'll never compromise on that because I want my family and friends to be well respected and not put In society, I'll defend them, I'll do my best.  Just to make sure that their name is not damaged or, you know, they are put down in any sort of manner.  So yes, I've stood up for people who have treated unfairly before. So I'm someone who is called a judge in my friend group or team.  So I'm always trying to get into the, not in others' business, but more like get into some troubles or problems and sort things out.  I try to, you know, find the solution for the feud or the problem and stand up for what's right and speak up for who's right.  And not, you know. Um. Sorry. you. Please one person over the other just because one person is my friend or something.  So yes, I stood up for people. So a time I helped my friend without it. So I would always help my friends without expecting anything back because I have some really good set of friends who have always helped me without expecting anything back.  So I would definitely help my friends without expecting anything back. So recently, to mention a particular example, I was actually in some important work and my friend who lives in Bangalore had difficulty knowing where she is because she's bad with routes and locations.  So I basically So kind of helped her through call. Even while I was on a busy meeting, I kind of took my time and, you know, allocated some time to help her with the location.  Yes, I do enjoy working in a team more. I kind of like to pretty much explain what I'm doing, like the workflow or like all the thoughts or thought process that I have.  I like to kind of like openly discuss with people about it rather than working alone. So in case I have any, there is some sort of error or there is some sort of  So something wrong with my workflow or wrong with my thought process, someone else can give their opinion. So I do enjoy working in collaborative environments rather than alone, I would say.  So basically, during my major project at college, I kind of had this situation where one of my team members wasn't okay with the topic of our major project.  So what we did was, each person was allowed to write down their major project topic of choice. And we kind of wrote down the advantages and disadvantages of that, I think  Kind of for adopting each topic, like, for example, one particular topic didn't kind of have the resources needed, we couldn't, we didn't have the resources needed for doing the particular project.  So we had to kind of move on and not use that topic. So, yeah. So my favorite teammate or classmate would be my best friend.  Her name is Leisha. So she's a really kind of on the go person. She's always the energy. She brings in that energy for the team.  And she's always on the go, like on the run, and she can easily do things like support. Suppose, you know, we need a printout, she'll immediately go and take the printout for us without a second thought.  And yeah, and yeah, so I would say Leisha is my favorite to make because of the energy she brings in.  Yes, so I've made a new friend in unexpected way before. So I'm someone who's very, you know, not so social and I'm very, I'm always sticking to my own social circle, like close circle.  And it's hard for me to go out of my comfort zone and make friends or talk to other people.  So I actually made a new friend through my other friend, mutual friend, Leisha. So if I hadn't, you know, taken that effort and kind of socialized with the other friend through Leisha, I wouldn't have gotten a really valuable friend in my life.  Life right now, in this day and age. So I'm really glad that I did talk to my friend. So yes, so I'm always the motivator of my gang or a group.  So basically, my friend who works in sales, she kind of had this kind of a plateau in her career where she wasn't getting any sales.  So I kind of motivated her to, you know, go through a lot of YouTube videos. And I told her to read a lot of articles and learn some tips and tricks to do sales better.  And make sales her everyday thing, like every day. Everything that she consumes. I wanted her to make it about sales.  So now she is good in a good position in her career because of that. So have I ever completed something ahead of time?  Yes, I've completed things before ahead of time. So basically, I'm someone who cannot do things in the last minute, I need proper planning, I need to write my thoughts down or my plan down in order for me to complete something smoothly.  And not rush and be anxious in the last minute. So yes, my major project even was done like two months prior to the deadline.  So yeah, I always like to do that and not rush in the last minute. Thank you. you. Thank Thank  So what is the longest I've worked on something? Don't keep on giving up. So the longest I've worked on something would be my project on traffic forecasting using spatio-temporal graph neural network, which is the internship project that I worked on.  So it almost took me around a year, I think around 11 months to complete the project because it is a research oriented project and not, you know, simply input output based project.  So my manager had a lot of thought processes and how he wanted the research direction to go. So I had to, you know, keep working on the project for a year until he was satisfied with the output.  So I would say my project on graph neural network would be my longest. first project. And. Do I prefer doing easy or challenging tasks?  I would say I prefer doing easy tasks in the beginning and kind of build up to the challenging ones.  I want to warm up using the easier tasks and then build up the capacity to do the challenging ones.  I wouldn't choose one over the other because I don't like to be in a situation where I'm comfortable with my life doing easy tasks.  I want something new or something challenging every time. But again, I don't want to directly jump into the ocean with the challenging ones either.  I want to build up to the challenging ones by doing or warming up my brain by doing easier tasks.  Have I ever taken responsibility? responsibility? I responsibility? things, That's kind an T— Yes, I have taken responsibility for something that went wrong.  So my major project in college, I was kind of the team leader. So I had have to take the responsibility for the things that go wrong.  Suppose my teammates haven't performed their viva well, then I have to step in and kind of mentor them on the project.  And yeah, I would kind of help them and give them some tips and tricks to remember certain keywords and take responsibility for the viva that we were supposed to perform.  So yes, I've always done that. Thank you.